the banks are about to be crushed in
fact it's going to be worse than what we
had in March 2023 the losses are piling
up right now at this time number one we
are going to look at what is actually
occurring the problem why is it
happening that's number two and then
what you as an individual can do about
it and what you need to avoid in this
video we are going to look at all of
these aspects and I'll make it real
simple real easy sound good let's begin
the first first thing we need to look at
is what's happening at the banks what's
going on right here well of course
you've probably seen it but there's a
lot of red going on in the markets over
the last couple weeks at the same time
we have seen the bond market going wild
in fact bonds are getting crushed I'm
going to explain what that means here in
a second for anyone with debt coming due
this is a rate shock any real estate
person who has a loan coming due any
business whose floating loan is due this
is tough the spike in yields also adds
pressure to the regional Banks holding
bonds that have fallen in value one of
the key factors in the failure of
svb and First Republic analyst don't
expect more Banks to collap the industry
has been seeking to offload assets and
already pulled back on lending oh yes
that's right in fact though when you
look at the actual data the most loans
are being given out especially in
commercial real estate which you know
and I know that commercial real estate
is the weakest link right now and yet
with commercial real estate this is
overwhelmingly done with regional Banks
so they've got losses piling up left
right and Center so watch this we are
now 100 basis points higher in yield
than in March so if the banks haven't
fixed their issues since then the
problem is only worse because rates are
only higher so when you have to
understand this overall the problem is
more debt higher rates and essentially
you know it the problem never being
resolved in the first place and now here
we are several months later with the
problem getting worse they've poured gas
lean on this fire right now and we've
got to watch out let's break it down
further the collapse in treasury bonds
now ranks among the worst Market crashes
in history many people didn't realize
this but we're right in the middle of it
I know everybody likes to focus on the
stock market but we got to listen to the
bond market as well it's a little bit
more complicated in some ways but just
take the basics that's what we do here
at this channel we don't get into uh the
nitty-gritty of it all all right okay
since March of 2020 treasury bonds with
maturities of 10 years or more have
plummeted
46% that's just under the losses seen in
the stock market when the Doom Bubble
Burst the bond route is worse than the
one seen in 1981 when the 10-year yield
neared 16% so we know that there is
chaos in the bond market going on and so
that is a problem who is it a problem
for the number one factor being the bank
the Q3 selloff in rates could push Banks
unrealized losses back to their highs
and this is absolutely the case as I
said just a moment ago you've got rates
that are higher now than they were
before losses that could exceed where we
were at that point where you had
multiple bank failures this is about
making you understand the system this
current system from the top down the
Federal Reserve increased interest rates
in response to inflation they brought
that up as a result the bond market
started acting real wacky something they
haven't experienced in a very long time
why because bonds interests interest
rates were very different in 1980 right
but for 40 years it was going down and
down and down and down and down and down
and everybody said that it would
continue yes it fluctuates but they said
ultimately it's just going to keep going
down and down and down and so you were
getting a lot of these bonds remember if
you were on this channel negative
yielding bonds what is a negative
yielding bond that sounds weird a
negative yielding bond is like let's say
you're going to buy a 10year bond now
you would think what I don't know what
kind of return would I get on that maybe
uh 2% maybe I get 5% how about negative
return a negative return like like minus
1% let's say well why would you do that
well that's what was happening all of
these big countries had negative
yielding bonds it's crazy you put your
money in you guaranteed to get less back
at the end of it what what kind of
investment is that like it's like
getting punched in the face I mean why
would somebody do this well that's
because it was so-called secure well I
mean I'd rather lose 1% than have the
potential to lose 10% 20% 30% who knows
uncertainty right and so it's say Hey
you know all lose 1% that's a wacky
world anyway so we had this falling down
falling down now it came back up despite
what almost everybody was saying no it
wouldn't but of course if you understand
the data and you were here on this
channel you knew what would happen and
so here we are today with these Banks
facing Reckoning and so we have to look
further into the details always
generally what we're seeing anyway is
that the
speculators on the credit default swaps
this is essentially a bet on failure or
seen as insurance against a failure
they're buying it up like crazy on um
Goldman Sachs Morgan Stanley and so on
so all the big Banks so the expectation
here is that they're going to have some
failures and uh the last time we saw
this uhoh right before svb failed and so
so they can be a little like they can
jump to conclusions let's say but at the
same time they were often just you know
before the event happens that's when you
want to get in on
that 10year treasury yields Rose more
than half a percentage point in the past
month to surpass
4.7% and by the way this 10year is
directly correlated to mortgage rates so
when that moves up so to mortgage rates
and guess what's nearing 8% right now
mortgage rates
8% so of course people are getting
stretched right that heightens the
danger in the near term of a financial
blow up akin to the Regional Bank
breakdown in March longer run it
threatens to undercut the economy by
marketly raising booming borrowing costs
for consumers and companies so there you
go all right that's a big one I'm trying
to tell you it over and over and over
again I'm not trying to you know just
tell you based on a Theory or anything
I'm showing you the quotes I'm showing
you the charts all this information is
public and it's all there I could you
know give you so much hyperbole it'll
make you sick or you can just take the
data and that's what I like to do here
at this channel if you do appreciate
that hit that Thumbs Up Button because
you're letting other people know that
yeah I want I want this guy to be uh
shown in the algorithms so I do
appreciate that thank
you fed's daily says riseing bond yields
May mean the FED can stay on hold
because essenti eventually if the yields
are going to rise it's going to slow the
economy down and they will not have to
increase the FED funds rate more we'll
see what happens they're already at a
rate everybody everybody said they would
never get to all right we know that and
so what I want to tell you right now is
that if you haven't already you got to
join the giveaway I got a giveaway going
on right now by the time you're watching
this video it should still be on so the
giveaway is for one free entrance one
free ticket into the um membership that
we have the mentorship and so you can
get one free call in there small group
go to the link in the description join
the Discord you go in there and you will
see that for yourself under the
announcements section so you go to the
announcements get your free call I would
love to see you in the mentorship
program all right now looking at this
here we go and by the way the giveaways
that's going to be once a month for that
and I'm going to extend the giveaways
I'm going to do more and more and more
giveaways but you got to join the
Discord to get there so join the Discord
all right look at the financial
conditions they have been tightening
since July up and up and up and this
makes it this is um it's not just about
the FED funds rate it's many factors and
ultimately Financial conditions start to
tighten and of course what have we seen
overall the stock market has been
tightening as well if you want to look
at it like that the debt circumstance
just something real quick I wanted to
touch on we are this is um when you look
at Goldman Sachs what they have to say
but using data from the the CBO and
others we are raising our interest cost
Pro projections on the back of higher
rates so expecting that of course it's
going to be a bigger burden on
businesses on on the country as a whole
the public does not see the deficit as a
major concern right now but interest
costs and debt levels should soon Peak
for the first time together together so
weird things are happening right now
weird things it's not 1970 anymore guys
we're not in that time frame then we
have this we estimate interest costs uh
as a share of GDP will reach a near Peak
a new peak in 2025 and this is all
expectations and projections that we
really don't know but what I do know is
that you have to take action today based
on this what can you do well let's talk
about that right here and now Banks or
Bank ETFs like kbe this is just one
example don't take my you know these
tickers as as advice or anything or
kre and that's the regional Banks oh my
goodness they could be punished
absolutely punished especially the
regional Banks so if the banks start to
deal with more pressure these are going
to get crush the banks themselves but
also the ETFs associated in Regional
Banks being the weakest one
next your money could be held up if your
bank has liquidity issues doesn't matter
how big your bank is doesn't matter if
it's Regional Bank or nothing they could
be held up I'm not saying that they're
going to necessarily do a bank bailin
I'm not what I'm telling you is that
they could say okay well we just can't
get to your money today and we'll get it
to you like three days from now or next
week or who knows so knowing that
information be prepared accordingly it
could be locked out for a period of time
investing in real assets
has been the best long has the best
long-term track record and that is an
absolute matter of fact something that's
tangible something that's real something
that is physical is always going to
maintain value not just over a cycle
it's going to maintain value potentially
for decades and generations and that's
where you want to have a lot of your
money so you want um an investment
vehicle that brings money in
consistently and when it does it's
paying your bills as well as it is
putting um you know a percentage of that
into something that just lasts for
decades and generations okay so for you
the individual you need to get your
stuff sorted out you need to figure this
out and the best place to start is a
free place that I built for you over 500
people have joined in and that is
compass you can get compass for free no
email no pay wall no nothing I just want
to see you there ENC compass for free
you go through click on it and it's just
themoney gps.com super easy the money
gps.com click on that button that says
compass and you're in get your finances
in order your financial Journey starts
here and then last but not least the
comment of the day thank you and by the
way thank you for your comment thank you
Mr soft Landing for another informative
helpful video These bankruptcies are
going to hit like a tital wave next year
it is absolutely Ely possible that we
will encounter more difficulties if
you've got rates Rising if you've got
these problems simply just going through
the motions right now for a lot of these
businesses and I don't know how they're
going to withstand these rates going any
higher I mean they need them to re
reverse and we're just not in that time
frame now they need a catalyst they need
a crisis to happen and then things can
reverse until then it's playball all I
hope you appreciate this video see you
on the next one take care